DOCS-2305: Email corrections (#1306)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/tools/recurring-payments/activating-recurring-payments.md

The default frequency limit for recurring payments is once every 24 hours per recurring ID.

> To adjust this limit, email your reasoned request to the Risk Team at <risk@multisafepay.com> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To adjust this limit, email your request and reasons to the Risk Team at <risk@multisafepay.com> 
```
